##appsfly.io Dev Kit Java Utils

-----------------------

INTRO ABOUT JAVA UTILS

## Example usage

-----------------------

## Java Utils

Before we start creating orders and process payments, we need to do some basic setup of the SDK.

1. Module Handle (X-Module-Handle)
2. Secret Key
3. App Key (X-App-Key)

Headers
1. 'X-UUID' - Unique User Id
2. 'X-App-Key' - App Key
3. 'X-Module-Handle' - Module Handle
4. 'X-Checksum' - Checkum

Generation of checksum
String payload = body + "|" +  microModuleId + "|" + config.appKey + "|" + userID;
String checksum = CtyptoUtil.getInstance().getChecksum(payload.getBytes(), config.secretKey);

#### Setting up the SDK for use.

To setup the SDK, we must first declare the **merchantId**, **apiKey** and **environment** that we wish to use.

Set up the SDK by invoking the following function: `configure($environment, $merchantId, $apiKey)` 
**Note: The merchantd that is passed to the configure method must be created on the corresponding environment. If you create an account in
sandbox.juspay.in and pass the environment as ** `JuspayConfiguration::ENVIRONMENT_PRODUCTION` ** API's will not work`.

Once the setup is done, one can create instances of the API classes, nameley the `Orders` and `Cards` classes.


        AppInstance.AFConfig config = new AppInstance.AFConfig("https://microapps.appsfly.io", "1234567890123456", "92ae2562-aebc-468f-bc9e-aa3cdd9d39b1");
        

## API Endpoint (/executor/exec)

appsfly.io have only single API endpoint to access MicroServices directly. We have headers those will authenticate and manage sessions. And body contains intent with parameters.

#### Auth Headers

| Headers | Description |
| --- | --- |
| X-UUID | Unique ID of the execution. Generally it will be unique for unique user. |
| X-App-Key | App Key generated in appsfly.io publisher dashboard. |
| X-Module-Handle | Module Handle provided by service provider |
| X-Checksum | Checksum generated by appsfly.io utils |
| Content-Type | Content Type of body. Must be application/json |

#### Intent Params

| Body Parameters | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Intent:String | Intent String to access the service |
| data:JSON | Provide to execute the intent |

